Initial restructuring of install and addiiton sections (#69)
neo4j/docs-ops-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/installation/persistence.adoc

= NOM persistence DBMS

Server installation is a two-step process.

> The first step, as described in this section, is to setup a Neo4j DBMS to act as persistence storage for NOM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first step, as described in this section, is to set up a Neo4j DBMS to act as persistence storage for NOM.
```

The NOM persistence DBMS is used to store all NOM data (topology, metrics, etc.).
The DBMS and the NOM Server need to be running simultaneously, or the NOM Server will not work.

== Self managed DBMS

NOM comes with a license to run a Neo4j DBMS with up to 4 cores of CPU and up to 16 GB of RAM for the use as NOMs persistence.

=== Specifications
* Neo4j Enterprise Edition 4.4 or 5.x
* At least 10 GB free disk space
* For minimum requirements, see also link:/docs/operations-manual/current/installation/requirements/[Operations Manual -> System requirements].

=== Install and prepare

> * Please refer to the link:/docs/operations-manual/current/installation[Operations Manual -> Installation] for how to install Neo4j.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Please refer to the link:/docs/operations-manual/current/installation[Operations Manual -> Installation] for information on how to install Neo4j.
```
